1. Java is created using programming languages. Java is one of the latest programming language.
2. The formal specification of the template of an object is called a class.
3. All objects of a class have identical behaviour.
4. An object has data along with a set of valid operations.
5. The data maintained by the object is hidden from the user.
6. To use an object all that the user needs to know is the specification of its operations.
7. Objects communicate through message passing.
8. The object that request a service from another object is called is known as the client, and the object that provides
   the service is called the server.
9. The smallest unit of data that can be represented is a binary digit or a bit, which has just two possible values:
   0 and 1; A sequence of 8 bits is known as a byte.
10. Unicode is the character set used by Java. Unicode consist of 65,536 characters and uses 2 bytes to represent a
    character.
11. The program as well as the data is first placed in teh memory as a prelude to execution.
12. The central processing unit CPU is responsible by carrying out various operations and it communicates with memory
    for instructions and data.
13. The memory can be visualised as an ordered sequence of cells, called words.
14. Every computer has a machine language.
15. The symbolic language of a machine is also known as its assembly language.
16. An assembler translates a symbolic language program into a machine language program.
17. A compiler translates a high-level language program into a machine language program.
18. The virtual machine that can understand the bytecode is termed of Java is called JVM.
19. Java provides many precompiled programs organized as various libraries also known as packages.
20. The system software linker links a user's bytecode program with another necessary precompiled programs to create
    a complete executable bytecode program.
21. The system software loader loads a linked bytecode program into main memory and start the execution.
22. A use-case diagram specifies the functional requirements of the system to be developed.
23. Graphically, we show the boundary by drawing a rectangle.
24. Each use case, denoted by an oval symbol, stands for a functional requirement of the system to be developed.
25. Users of the system as well as other external systems with which the system needs to interact are called actors.
26. An actor and a use case are connected by arrows starting from the initiator of the action.